#  EducationSpending_HomeValuations_analysis

Homeownership is a significant part of the American dream. For many buyers, it represents their life's most important financial investment. In recent years, there has been a growing concern about the rising housing prices in the United States. The housing market is constantly evolving. COVID-19, interest rates, and banking defaults play a massive role in the ever-changing valuations. Whether you are a first-time buyer, investor, or real estate professional, understanding the market dynamics is essential to making a sound financial decision. While the housing market is influenced by various macroeconomic factors, one area that has received increasing attention in recent years is the impact of education spending on housing prices in the United States. This research paper investigates the relationship between educational spending and its effects on housing prices in the United States. We aim to determine whether this factor should guide homebuyers' decisions by analyzing the correlation between education and housing prices. 
Past research from A National Study of Public School Spending and House Prices by Patrick J. Bayer, Peter Q. Blair, and Kenneth Whaley displays a positive correlation between educational spending and home valuations. This paper will bridge some of the gaps in knowledge with region-specific correlation. The previous study’s results were posted as a single correlation within the country. This paper will also find said correlation value while showing differences between regions in the United States of America. With this knowledge, investors, professionals, and all other buyers will better understand the specific correlation in their area of interest.
